1.	Create a class called Invoice that a hardware store might use to represent an invoice for an item sold  at  the  store.  An  Invoice  should  include  four  pieces  of  information  as  instance variables-a part number(type String),a part description(type String),a quantity of the item being purchased (type int) and a price per item (double). Your class should have a constructor that initializes the four instance variables. In addition, provide a method named getInvoiceAmount that calculates the invoice amount.
2.	Develop a Java application to generate Electricity bill. Create a class with the following  members:  Consumer  no.,  consumer  name,  previous  month  reading, current month reading, and type of EB connection (i.e. domestic or commercial). Compute the bill amount using the user defined tariff.
3.	Create class SavingsAccount. Use a static variable annualInterestRate to store the annual interest rate for all account holders. Each object of the class contains a private instance variable savingsBalance indicating the amount the saver currently has ondeposit. Provide method calculateMonthlyInterest to calculate the monthly interest by multiplying the savingsBalance by annualInterestRate divided by 12 this interest  should  be  added  to  savingsBalance.  Provide  a  static  method modifyInterestRate that sets the annualInterestRate to a new value.
4.	Create a class called Book to represent a book. A Book should include four pieces of information as instance variables‐a book name, an ISBN number, an author name and a publisher. Your class should have a constructor that initializes the four instance variables. Provide a set method and get method for each instance variable. In addition, provide a method named getBookInfo that returns the description of the book as a String.
5.	Write a Java program to print all numbers below 100,000 that are both prime and Fibonacci number (some examples are 2, 3, 5, 13, etc.).
6.	Write a java program to find whether given sentence is Pangram or not. If it is pangram, then print 1 else print -1.A pangram is a sentence containing every letter in the English Alphabet. Ex: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy Dog.
7.	Given two strings s1 and s2, your task is to merge those strings to form a new merged string. A merge operation on two strings is described as follows: Append alternating characters from s1 and s2, respectively, to merged String. Once all of the characters in one of the strings have been merged, append the remaining characters in the other string to merged String.
8.	Write a Java program to create an abstract class named Shape that contains two integers and an empty method named print Area (). Provide three classes named Rectangle, Triangle, and Circle such that each one of the classes extends the class Shape. Each one of the classes contains only the method print Area () that prints the area of the given shape.
9.	Create an abstract class 'Bank' with an abstract method 'getBalance'. $100, $150 and $200 are deposited in banks A, B and C respectively. 'BankA', 'BankB' and  'BankC' are subclasses of class 'Bank', each having a method named 'getBalance'.
10.	Develop a java application to inherit currency converter (Dollar to INR, EURO to INR, Yen to INR and vice versa), distance converter (meter to KM, miles to KM and vice versa) , time converter (hours to minutes, seconds and vice versa) from a base class Converter.
11.	Write a Java program that works as a simple calculator. Use a switch statement to accept 2 numbers and an operator for the +, -,*, % operations. Perform arithmetic operation display the result. Handle any possible exceptions like divided by zero for division operation.
12.	Write a Java program that perform integer divisions. The user enters two numbers, Num1 and Num2. The division of Num1 and Num 2 is displayed in the Result. If Num1 or Num2 were not an integer, the program would throw a Number Format Exception. If Num2 were Zero, the program would throw an Arithmetic Exception. 
